Low Res Picture Format - Design Notes

File Extension .LRI

Uses a 16x16 array of 2x2 block graphics characters.

Monochrome images could be black pixels on a single
color background or single color pixels on a black 
background. The latter would match color images. 

Color images are colored pixels on a black background.
Within each 2x2 graphics character, the pixels must
all be the same color.

On the ZX80 and ZX81 and when printed on paper, images
will always be black pixels on a white background.

File Contents

  An LRI file, stream, or string will contain only the
  encoded image data. To keep the decoding logic as
  simple as possible, there is no header or signature.
  
  Since this makes the data unidentifiable, other than
  by file extenson, LRI files will normally be archived
  in LRA files, which contain both signatures and headers.
  
Monochrome Data Format

  The 16 graphics characters are encoded as the characters
  A-P, case-insensitive. 
  
  The Tandy Color Computer (and MC-10) character set contains
  the block graphics characters in binary order, so it will be
  the basis of the mapping, with A mapped to CHR$(128) and P
  to CHR$(143). 

  Any characters without a specified mapping are ignored.

Data Compression
  
  A simple run-length encoding is used for compression. A 
  single digit (0-9) will indicates the run-length of the next
  block graphics character encoutered. For simplicity 0 will
  be treated as 1, and only the last digit of a series will be 
  used.
  
Multicolor Data Format
  
  On systems that allow it, each 2x2 character block can have
  it's own pixel color, with the background always black,
  with a total of 7 colors allowed (black being the eighth).
  
  The Sinclair Spectrum assigns the colors in binary order,
  with bits 0, 1, and 2 being blue, red, and green respectively,
  so it will be used as the basis for the mapping.
  
  The colors codes 1 through 7 will be mapped to the letters
  Q through W, respectively. The appearance of a color code
  will cause succeeding graphics characters to be displayed
  in the corresponding color.
  
  On monochrome systems, the color codes are simply ignored.
  Preferably, images should be designed in such a way that
  they do not lose detail when all the pixels are the same
  color.

Reference Implementations
  
  The reference implementation will be on the Tandy Color
  Computer.

Computers with 2x2 block graphics in their chracter set
  Model              Screen Size  Colors    Notes
  Atari (all 8-bit)     40x25       2       
  Commodore PET         40x25       2       Green on Black
  Commodore VIC-20      22x23       8
  Commodore C64, etc.   40x25       8+
  Mattel Aquarius       40x24       8
  Sinclair Spectrum     32x24       8
  Sinclair ZX80,ZX81    32x24       2       Black on White
  Tandy CoCo, MC-10     32x16       8       Color on Black

File Extension Candidates
  .LRI  Low Resolution Image
        Unused
  .LRA  Low Resolution Album/Animation
        Unused
  .LRP  Low Resolution Picture
        Line Rider by inXile entertainment
        IBM Works for OS/2 Report
        Linux Router Project Package
  ,LRM  Low Resolution Monochrome  
        Line Rider by inXile entertainment
        Encarta (Class Server Learning Resource)
  .LRC  Low Resolution Colot
        Lyric File (Audio Players)
        Dance With Intensity (Lyric File)
        StepMania (Lyric File) 
        Intel Video (Phone Language Resource Control)