Aquarius LRI Image Viewer

This BASIC program for the Mattel Aquarius displays LRI images saved on
cassette. An LRI (Low Resolution Image) is 32 x 32 pixel, 8 color image
encoded as text and displayed using block graphics characters.

LOADING THE PROGRAM

Insert the LRI Viewer cassette into the cassette deck, and rewind if 
needed. At the Ok prompt type

  cload "lrivwr"
  
and press the RTN key. The Aquarius will display

  Press <PLAY>
  Press RETURN key to start
  
Press the RTN key, then press the play button on the cassette deck. If
using Virtual Aquarius, select menu option File - Play Cassette File...
and open the LRIVIEW.CAQ file.

The Aquarius will display

  Found: lrivwr
  Ok

After the Ok prompt appears, press the stop button on the cassette deck.
This is not necessary when using Virtual Aquarius.

RUNNING THE PROGRAM

Insert the cassette containing the LRI image into the cassette deck. If
necessary, fast forward or rewind the cassette to the position of the file.
At the Ok prompt type

  run
  
and press the RTN key. The Aquarius will display

  Press <PLAY>
  Press RETURN key to start
  
Press the RTN key, then press the play button on the cassette deck. If
using Virtual Aquarius, select menu option File - Play Cassette File...
and open the CAQ file file containing the LRI file.

When the Aquarius screen turns black, press the stop key on the cassette 
deck. This is not necessary when using Virtual Aquarius.

The image will then be drawn on the screen. 

EXITING THE PROGRAM

After the image is displayed, press any key to end the program. The screen
will be cleared and the Ok prompt displayed.

If the program is interrupted using CTL-C, the Ok prompt and cursor will
be invisible. Press the RST button to return the screen to normal.

TECHNICAL NOTES

The LRI image data is stored in a numeric array and loaded from tape with
the CLOAD* statement. LRI images can be written to tape using the lriwrite
program.



