Aquarius LRI Image Viewer

This BASIC program for the Mattel Aquarius takes a text encoded LRI
image and saves it onto tape.

LOADING THE PROGRAM

Insert the LRI Writer cassette into the cassette deck, and rewind if 
needed. At the Ok prompt type

  cload "lriwrt"
  
and press the RTN key. The Aquarius will display

  Press <PLAY>
  Press RETURN key to start
  
Press the RTN key, then press the play button on the cassette deck. If
using Virtual Aquarius, select menu option File - Play Cassette File...
and open the LRIWRITE.CAQ file.

The Aquarius will display

  Found: lriwrt
  Ok

After the Ok prompt appears, press the stop button on the cassette deck.
This is not necessary when using Virtual Aquarius.

RUNNING THE PROGRAM

At the Ok prompt type

  run
  
and press the RTN key. The Aquarius will display a ? prompt. Enter the
LRI encoded text one line at a time, pressing RTN after each line. When
finished press RTN without entering any text on at the ? prompt. If 
using Virtual Aquarius you can use the menu options File - Quick Type...
or Util - Paste to enter the LRI file contents.

The Aquarius will now display the prompt

  Press <RECORD>>
  Press RETURN key to start
  
Insert the cassette tape to be written to into the cassette deck and,
if necessary, fast-forward or rewind it to the correct position. 
Press the PLAY and RECORD buttons, then press the RTN key. When using
Virtual Aquarius, the Save As file dialog will appear. Enter a name
for the cassette image and click Save.

After the Ok prompt appears, press the stop button on the cassette deck.
This is not necessary when using Virtual Aquarius.
 
TECHNICAL NOTES

The Aquarius BASIC does not support reading or writing of text to tape.
Instead, the CLOAD* and CSAVE* commands are used to read write the 
contents of a numeric array. 

The program lriwrite takes the entered data and POKEs it into the bytes
of the array, then saves it to tape. The program lriview loads the array
from tape, then PEEKs the LRI data from the bytes of the array for 
decoding and display.

